!2 Version 1.10 to 2.0
The main differences between version 1.10 and 2.0 are in the way elements are found by !-BrowserTest-!. That is also why this is a major version upgrade: the changes will likely impact both the wiki test page content and any fixture subclasses created for test suites using this project.

The most important change in finding elements by !-BrowserTest-! is what is done when an element is ''not'' found: where in version 1.x the commands/methods would return !style_code[false] when no element could be found version 2.0 will instead retry the find operation for a while (up to the configured number of _seconds before timeout_). If on timeout version 2.0 still has not found the element it will throw an exception. This does mean that one can no longer make test assertions using the !style_code[reject] script keyword to, for instance, ensure that an element cannot be clicked. Furthermore commands/methods that returned a !style_code[null] String immediately if no element could be found, no wait until the timeout to return that value. The reason for making this change is the dynamic, asynchronous, !-JavaScript-!-based nature of many modern web applications: elements may appear on the page just a little bit slower than Selenium can check things, and that meant that often test scripts needed many explicit waits to make them execute reliably. These explicit waits were cumbersome to write and made test scripts more verbose, distracting from the actual behavior to be tested. So in version 2.0 there is more implicit waiting by the fixture. 

The second major change in finding elements that the heuristics used by !-BrowserTest-! can be bypassed. By specifying a ''<place>'' with a special prefix an explicit Selenium find command can be passed to the commands/keywords. Although this makes tests less readable and maintainable, since technical identifiers are used instead of end-user terms it also gives extra flexibility writing tests without coding Java. By hiding the technical identifiers in scenarios a balance can be struck between the two approaches. Previously finding by technical identifiers was already possible using some special commands/methods (e.g. !style_code[text by xPath]), these are no longer needed in the 2.0 version, since normal commands/methods have been given the ability. To clean up !-BrowserTest-!'s code, and allow for more uniform test script content, the special commands/methods will be removed.

!3 Wiki Impact


!3 Fixture Subclass Impact
